again today i will show you an irbis scooter
centrino afternoon we have shout
and this key can be simply
stick in and turn on scudo
Can I have an ignition button from the key
power off alarm
alarms
we also have hair in front of us
It looks like this for me very much as
it looks like why I don't like it at all
why are you that curved pipe here it is
goes goes goes and here without a clue here
we have the connector itself for insertion
key starter headlight turn on knob gas 2
brakes we have the inclusion of two
headlights
turn signals on and off and this sound
vulture panels we have for some reason
such a picture is drawn
turn signal and right turn signal
but this red light is on when
run out of oil and this light bulb do
lights when headlights are on
we also have gasoline, he shows me
0 because they are stuck in the key and not
turned there is still a speedometer
up to 80 true not 50 cubes replaced
cialis stroke i already drove at all to me
bought it recently run-in, I have not
finished can i ask you why here
I think this thing for a long time in the instructions
it already looked and read on the Internet
nowhere written window
write me in the comments why she
it was closed rear view and from here
you can pin the number but we are not sent
I have no rights I drive to the cottage can raschu
open the trunk
so here we are together.
if the instrument was all of course in
set except for rags on rag special
for fun still have gasoline swim
I don't know how many meters there
They put me and no one spoke to
block close and baggage
recover hit fist he
closes and is not here and here
just pour the oil here it is
settles oil pours out here so
let's bring it can start it
use the key to press it like this
here
and it is possible from the starter will now take off
my brother
start go get me the brake